**BRIGHT COFFEE SALES ANALYSIS**

This project focuses on the Sales performance analysis of Bright's Coffee Shop, identifying the high and low performing products in different branches,Revenue Trends in time intervals and to provide actionable insights to guide in Decision making of managements.

**AIM**
* Revenue Generated by all the products and percentage contribution.
* Performance of each store(Hells Kitchen,Lower Manhatthan,Astoria)
* Sales Trend in Months(January to June) and different time intervals(Morning,Afternoon,Evening,Night)

 **OBJECTIVES**
  This can be achieved by
  -Data injection
  -Data manipulation and cleaning
  -Data Analysis
  -Data Visualisation
  -Data Presentation

**TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGY**

This Project was built with these tools and Technologies:

Miro: Its a platform used for brainstorming ideas and planning the project.
Microsoft Excel:  used to organise,analyse and visualize my data.
Snowflake: Its a platform used for SQl coding.
Microsoft Power point:  it platform
for the presentation of Data and insights.

**SUMMARY OF RESULTS AND INSIGHT**

* Three products(Coffee,Tea,Bakery) contributed 70% of the revenue generated.
*  Most of the sales and revenue are generated in the Morning.
* Sales is higher on Monday and Friday and Lower on Weekends.
* Hells Kitchen makes more Revenue and has the most steady month to month revenue growth in all regions.
* Engaging Events should be organised on weekends to boost the sales.
* Products (Branded, Coffee beans) should be promoted to increase Sales because users are willing to buy more.

